# TinyWebC
Same Project but actually implementing it in C for production

This project is still in MVP stage/proof of concept

Hello. Welcome to Tiny Web, the first distributed communication network for families! Why do we exist? These days there is a demand for kids to have a phone and that is valid! Parents want to have communication and be able to track their children when they are out there in the world. Right now there are a couple of options. You have the Gabb phone and competitors which provide calling/texting/GPS features, and they work great. If kids want to be able to communicate with their friends, share content, play games with their friends, then they have to get an Andriod or iPhone. When they do get a full-fledged smartphone, the flood gates are open. In an instant, they can access any information on the entire web, and I am assuming that you wouldn’t want that for your children without some safeguards. Of course, there are parental controls, right? I have one simple example that demonstrates why those are insufficient. Imagine putting your child into a library with all of the world’s content, ripe for the picking. This library lets you access any information that anyone else has put on the internet, uncurated, and unfiltered. Not only is it uncurated, but there are algorithms behind this content that are trying to cause addictive behavior. The current parental locks put metaphorical locks on certain books to make sure that they don’t read them, but what happens of they miss a book? What happens if new books are introduced to the library? Like they are every day? See the problem? Now imagine an empty library, put your child in with a few books, that you approve. This mirrors an older simpler time when content could be controlled and it was not controlling us. And it is the solution.

I propose a distributed, decentralized, application that runs on nodes within the parent’s households. This "backend" application will be paired with devices for children and apps for parents. This network will allow parents to communicate with their children track GPS as the Gabb phone does, but it will also allow families to join each other’s network with the right permissions. This will allow, for the first time, kids to interact with trusted members of the community in a safe and secure way. They will be able to message, play games, etc. Not only that, this will provide a platform for parents to communicate with each other to set up events, activities, and playdates. Each network will be completely private, encrypted, and free from any intervention since the networks are hosted at home!

This is what I am trying to build. Please help if you can! I am working on the permission systems for all of the transactions right now as well as the encryption scheme for data on the network. The distributed network is using a simple gossip protocol to keep nodes up to date.


